sweet potato topped cottage pie
Margaret's going to start by chopping up
a red onion and a red pepper although
you could use another color pepper if
you prefer now while Margaret's chopping
do you know the difference between
cottage pie and shepherd's pie
shepherd's pie has lamb the clue is in
the title Shepherd anyway I just thought
I'd cover that off cottage pie beef
shepherd's pie lamb a Margaret still
chopping so once your vegetables are
chopped spray some spray oil into a pan
and you're going to add your vegetables
and fry until soft once the vegetables
are nice and soft you're going to add
your lean mints but without the plastic
that's on the bottom of the mint
add a touch of lazy garlic or a clove of
garlic if you have and fry the Mint's
until brown looking good next you're
going to add a pint of beef stock cover
and then simmer to reduce the liquid
down now while that's simmering you can
start chopping your sweet potato now
obviously you can use real potato on
cottage pie when I say real obviously
the sweet potato is also real more
normal white potato but sweeter sweet
potato makes a little bit of a different
kind of meal it's also slightly better
for you so chop your sweet potato put in
a saucepan and bring to the boil after
adding a little bit of salt now while
you're sweet potatoes boiling you can
add a little bit of gravy granules to
the mincemeat this will just help
thicken the sauce and help the flavor a
little bit as well
then when you're sweet potatoes boiled
you can drain steam up the camera and
then of course return to the pot for
mashing always nice thing to add some
frozen peas to your cottage pie mix
that'll help cool the mixture down which
you need to do when you've put it in a
bowl because that will help the potato
not sink into the meat mixture you can
add a bit of milk to your sweet potato
and mash away beat it about another
wooden spoon that'll make it really
smooth next when the mixture has cooled
start spooning your sweet potato mash on
to the top always slightly easier to
start on the outside and work in
and then to finish it off you can smooth
it all down with a fork looking great
place in the oven and bake for about 30
minutes at 200 degrees and it comes out
hot and boiling and bubbling beautiful
sweet potato topped cottage pie